Hey-- ooh.
Did you play your last game
of basketball under a car?
Your blouse is, um,
filthy, maddie.
First of all,
it's not a blouse.
It's my jersey,
and by jersey I mean
Halloween costume.
Bam!  Boo!
( laughs )
( chuckles )
Okay, so Halloween is
the one night of the year
That you can go
as whatever you want,
And you chose
a basketball player.
No.
A dead basketball player!
( laughs )
Yeah, willow and I are going
to screamfest as team death.
Oh, speaking
of screamfest.
So, I have been thinking
about the theme--
No, liv,
when you say "thinking,"
you mean "changing,"
And these details
have been locked.
Right, um, I just think
that death has been kind of...
You know,
done to death.
And as your new
screamfest co-chair,
I have come up
with a new theme,
So you might want to sit down
so you can rise to applaud me.
It's gonna be
more dramatic.
No?  Okay.
So...
I have come up with a theme
that is so fright-tacular,
So scare-diculous,
that screamfest will
never be the same again.
Are you ready?
The theme is...
Brown!
( gasps )
That's not a theme,
that's a carpet color.
Well, we might as well
make the theme
I-- uh-- turtle necks.
You know what?  We should
dog-ear that for next year.
Liv, I'm being serious.
Screamfest is supposed
to be scary.
And it will be.
I mean, no one
looks good in brown.
All right, come here.
Look me in the eyes.
I'm going to even say this
In slow motion so that it can
really sink in, yeah?
No-o-o-o-o-o.
Great, so you're gonna
think about it.
( theme music playing )
♪ better in stereo
♪ b-- b-- better in stereo
-    ♪ I'm up with the sunshine
-    ♪ let's go
-    ♪ I lace up my high tops
-  ♪ oh no
-  ♪ slam dunk
-  ♪ ready or not
♪ yeah, show me
what you got ♪
- ♪ I'm under the spotlight
- ♪ holler
♪ I dare you,
come on and follow ♪
♪ you dance
to your own beat ♪
♪ I'll sing the melody
♪ when you say yea-ah-ah
♪ I say no-oh-oh
♪ when you say stop
♪ all I want to do
is go, go, go ♪
♪ you, you,
the other half of me, me ♪
♪ the half I'll never be-e
♪ the half
that drives me crazy ♪
♪ you, you,
the better half of me, me ♪
♪ the half I'll always need
♪ but we both know
♪ we're better in stereo.
- ( snoring )
- maddie?
Maddie?
- Maddie!
- ( snorts )
Look what I found.
Your child
peacefully
sleeping,
Trying to rest
her growing
teenage body?
I haven't had
a nap since you
were born,
So too bad,
so sad.
Mmm!
I remember this.
This is from
my old Halloween
costume, right?
Mm-hmm, you were six.
You and liv were wizards...
And joey was
a kitten being
eaten by a shark.
( laughing )
Things went
wrong so young
for that boy.
Yeah, and liv fought me so hard
For this because she was
convinced
That it had magical powers.
( laughs )
Okay, it does
have magical powers.
I mean, maddie wished
to be a great basketball player
And I wished to be famous.
So...
♪ ma-gic.
( chuckles )
Man, I love Halloween.
Not nearly as much though
as I love walking around
- Without my knee brace.
- ( laughs )
Now that your knee's
so strong,
Our hypnotherapy sessions
will get your mental edge back
In a snap.
( snaps fingers )
That's so weird.
( chuckles )
When you snapped just now,
I had this sudden urge
To go clean
the entire kitchen.
Huh.
I wonder where
that came from.
( giggling )
Mother, father,
we're so happy to see you.
Have you been
working out, dad?
Show me the guns.
Bang!  Bang!
Whoa, papa got swole.
Okay, holster
the guns, pete.
This much butt-smoochery
can only mean
That they want
something.
Still feels nice.
So... We were wondering--
Spill it
so we can kill it.
We want to go
to mutilator mike's
haunted house
Of terrifying frights
and scares.
There's a mad scientist,
he clones himself
But the clones turn on him,
unscrew the top of his skull,
And eat his brains
like a bowl of cereal.
But the brains are rotted,
so there's squirming maggots--
( clears throat )
you're not going.
Guys, we discussed this.
Mutilator mike's
is not age-appropriate.
How is it not
age-appropriate for me?
I am in my prime
maggot years.
The movie "pony princess"
gave you nightmares.
It was a horse in a dress,
mother, can you blame me?
Come on, mom.
Isn't there any way
we could go?
Yeah, well, you know,
there might be one way.
- ( gasps )
- what is it?  What is it?
You could clone yourselves
And we'd never know you left.
- ( laughing )
- hey-y!
How cruel can you be?
You know I'm still
five years from mastering
cloning technology.
( doorbell rings )
Mom, that's willow!
Team death is off
to screamfest.
This is gonna be...
♪ awesome.
Yeah, okay.
There is definitely
someone in there
Who is too old
to be trick-or-treating.
So beat it, bear.
Wait!
( blows )
don't kill my childlike
sense of wonder.
Willow?  Wait, I'm sorry,
what are you wearing?
You're supposed to be
in your team death jersey.
It's my brown costume.
Liv texted the whole school
and said you guys decided
To change the theme.
Go big and go brown!
Go home
and go change!
What--
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
I told her that we're
not gonna do
Her stupid brown theme.
Seriously, go home.
Go change, I'm not kidding.
Thank you, bye.
Some days,
I just really wish
I wasn't born a twin.
( ominous tone )
Okay...
No, thank you.
That's really creepy.
Liv!
You told the whole school
that we changed
The screamfest theme
to brown?
I told you no.
Be quiet.
Willow?
How did you
get up here so fast?
And how did you
change so quick?
Both: Shh!
You will wake her.
- ( loud thudding )
- ( chain rattles )
- The beast stirs.
- ( whimpers )
-    ( loud footsteps )
- ( gasping )
That's her angry walk.
I'm out of here.
( whimpers )
Uh, okay, who are we
talking about?
- Helga.
- Who's helga?
( growls )
Oo-oh.
You have disturbed
my beauty sleep!
Wow!
- You are definitely helga.
- Silence! ( echoes )
- Oh!  Okay.
-  ( underwear stretches )
Ow, wedgie.
How's she doing that?
She just thinks it
and it happens.
Kneel before helga,
The alpha triplet.
Triplets?
What is going on?
We're not triplets,
we're twins!
Oh... I wished
not to be a twin.
That stupid amulet
is magic!
♪ ma-gic.
Who are you people?
Why are you staring
at helga?!
( growls )
Sister triplets,
prepare for helgafest.
Um, don't you mean
screamfest?
( demonic voice )
helgafest!
( normal voice )
if you cannot listen,
I will clean your ears.
( slurping )
Ew!
Oh, no no no no no.
( squeaking )
Oh, that's so gross.
That's actually wet.
( squeaking continues )
Helga off to feed
pet cockroach...
Then to eat it.
Okay, so...
Helga's a freaky nightmare.
( exhales sharply )
How do you put up
with that?
Well, it's like
we always say maddie:
Sisters by chance,
friends by force.
Ah, this amulet is perfect
for foot scratching.
Have you two seen
my magic wish amulet?
Um, no idea
what you're talking about.
When someone's looking
for something
With magic in the name,
you don't just hand it over.
Did you guys know
that there is a triplet
Named helga living
in our attic?
Duh.
She grew too big
for that dragon egg
she hatched out of.
( laughing )
Don't tell her
I said that.
( groans )
that stupid amulet
made us triplets!
It's supposed to be
liv and maddie,
Not liv and maddie
and... Helga!
( loud thud )
Liv:
Oh, owsies.
Was that liv?
Yeah, helga probably
threw her
Off the roof again.
What?!
Why would helga do that?
So she has something
soft to land on.
Helga:
Helga jumps!
( thuds )
( chains rattle )
Liv:
Double owsies.
( growl )
Helga:
Helga is ready.
We go now!
-  ( underwear stretches )
- oh!  Ooh!
Wow!  Okay.
Helga wedgie,
I guess I go now.
Ooh, I go now.
( groans )
A magic amulet?
( chuckles )
A world without helga?
Well, maddie's
finally lost it.
I know, right?
Hey, magic amulet, I wish
we had clones of ourselves
So we could go
to mutilator mike's.
- Ooh.
-  ( ominous tone )
( both gasp )
Witchcraft!
( splash )
Ugh, nice job, munch.
If that thing had
any shot of being magic,
It's ruined now.
Dude, relax.
We'll rinse it off.
For the record, hummus does not
shield magical powers.
Hey, you don't know that.
Hummus is a very
powerful spread.
( grunts ) whoo!
Both: Whoa.
( british accent )
cheerio, mates.
The name's plus.
Parker plus.
Come along then, ooey.
Chop chop.
( panting, giggling )
Both:
We have clones!
Wow, the amulet
really was magic.
Ooey, ooey, ooey.
Ooey.
Ooey says it's jolly good
to meet you blokes,
And he has an itch.
( sighs )
ooey.
He found the spot.
Okay, is it just me
or is my clone...
Like, the coolest guy ever?
Ooey.
( chuckles )
It's just you.
Ooey, ooey.
Ooey.
( whimpers )
The poor lad says he was
starting to take form
When something
went wonky.
Like the magic
was shielded somehow.
See?
Told you--
hummus!
I don't care
what happened to him.
I love him
just the way he is.
Hi, little fella.
Ooey.
Okay, here's the deal:
We are going
to a haunted house.
You two are staying here
to distract our parents.
Yeah, yeah, and if they ask
any questions,
Your tux is
your Halloween costume.
Tell them you're going
as parker with class.
And you're going as...
Eh, they probably won't
notice the difference.
( ominous music playing )
- ( gong chimes )
- helga is near!
Do not run
or we will hunt you down
And you will wind up
like our math teacher,
Mr. Cove!
He gave helga a "c"!
( gasping )
- ( gasps )
- ( gong chimes )
She arrives!
All hail helga!
- All hail helga!
- Students: All hail helga!
- Willow:  All hail helga!
- Students:  All hail helga!
( chanting continues )
Yeah, things have
definitely taken
A little turn
for the crazy.
Helga declares
helgafest open!
( gong chimes )
( sighs )
( snarls )
More fish for helga!
Ooey, stop that.
I'm making us a spot of supper.
Ooey, ooey, ooey.
Ooh, parker,
you're cooking.
How unusual.
And joey, you're
licking a chicken.
How joey.
Ooey, ooey, ooey.
Oh, I get it.
That's your
Halloween costume
You're gonna be talking
like that all night.
No, that's not gonna
get annoying.
So, what are you making?
Well, the cupboards
are dreadfully bare,
But I believe I can whip up
a lovely pot pie.
Oh, heavens.
We don't have any meat.
I'm stymied.
Oo-eey?
Ooey, no,
that's ghastly.
Ooey?
Righty-o, they're not
really our mum and dad.
Parent pot pie
it is.
W-why are you
doing this?
We're sorry.
Look-- look,
You can go
to the haunted house.
Simmer down,
mumsy.
"simmer."
Oh, I'm terrible.
( ominous music playing )
( gong chimes )
Time's up, carvers.
Reveal your work.
Approved.
( cackles )
( demonic voice )
unacceptable!
( gasping )
Maddie,
what are you doing?
Helga said to keep
our hoods on.
Yeah, I am done
with helga.
If giant skeleton
and wolf guy had a baby,
They would not be
nearly as bad as her.
( chuckles )
Okay, well what are you
gonna do?  We're triplets.
No, we're not.
We're twins, and I know
that deep down inside
Part of you
still knows that.
I just, like,
really need you
To go distract helga,
so that I can sneak out,
Get the amulet
and save us.
Okay, maddie, you are
making literally no sense,
But if there is even
the tiniest chance
That we can get rid
of helga, I'm in.
I mean, I am done
sharing a bathroom with her.
The litter box is there
for a reason, helga.
Okay.
Um, hey, helga!
I think that this party
needs a diva moment.
♪ helga-aa
♪ is a big meanie, yow!
Only helga
has diva moments!
( demonic voice )
seize her!
( chuckles )
♪ helga-aa
♪ is just misunderstood.
Yow!
Clap for helga!
( demonic voice ) or die.
- ( yelping )
- ( applause )
The only thing
mutilator mike's mutilated,
Was my love for Halloween.
I know, right?
I brought an extra pair
of underpants for nothing.
What does a guy have to do
To get a decent scare
around here?
Karen:
Help, I'm being cooked alive!
He-elp--
( gasps )
evil clones!
We made evil clones!
I told you hummus
messes up magic!
It is just so hard
watching your clones
Grow up and make
bad choices.
Snap out of it.
Our selfish wish
is killing mom and dad.
You're right.
We must risk life
and limb to rescue them,
And then tell them that
we have learned our lesson.
Or we could get the amulet
and wish our clones away.
Yeah, that sounds like
a shortcut I can get behind.
( grunting )
Stop struggling, mumsy,
Or your muscles will flex
and make the meat chewy!
Okay.
Ooh.
( sighs )
okay.
I wish I was
a twin again.
( ominous tone )
Helga?
I-- no, 'cause I just
wished you away.
Where's liv?
Where's my twin sister?
Who's liv?
Helga's your twin sister.
Give helga hug.
Okay, you would think
I'd know by now
To be incredibly specific
with that amulet.
We need the magic
wish amulet.
It's a matter
of life and mom.
- And dad.
- Oh, yeah, him too.
Seriously, munch?
The hummus again?
Mmm...
Helga loves hummus.
- ( crunching )
- ( gasps )
No!
You destroyed the amulet,
The only way to get
back to normal,
And now we're stuck
this way forever.
And you stuck
your dirty fish fingers
In the hummus!
Come on, helga!
-  ( underwear stretches )
- ( yelps ) sorry, helga.
I love your fingers.
You could be
a hand model.
I'm never gonna
see liv again.
I just wish my family
would go back to normal!
( ominous tone )
Maddie?
- Maddie?
- ( snoring )
Maddie?
- Liv! ( gasps )
- oh.
Ooh, oh.
I'm still in my knee brace.
Oh, yeah, of course.
Wow, you were
really under.
What are you
talking about?
Hypnotherapy.
We just spent
the last hour
Of using your injured knee
to shoot a three-pointer,
Remember?
You kept saying,
"I can make a three.
I can make a three."
I did make a three.
We even made your
fear into a monster
and gave it a name.
What, helga?
Hey, mads, I really need
to talk to you.
- Liv! ( chuckles )
- hi. ( chuckles )
Um, I just wanted to apologize
for trying to change
The theme
of screamfest to brown.
-  I just--
- no no no no no.
I love brown.
And I love you.
And don't try
to change anything,
Because I like things
just the way they are.
( sighs )
Perfect.
Because the two of us
Can go as the scariest
combination of brown of all...
Beige and taupe.
( gasps )
It's like blah
meets blah.
( laughs )
Yeah, and I have
a tan suede vest
If you wanna go
as triplets.
Yeah, definitely not triplets.
Ew.
When you awake,
you will feel ready
To take on
the world.
( chuckles )
I've never
tried this
Without the amulet,
so how do you feel?
Ooey.
( chuckles )
What?
Ooey.
Ooey?
Ooey?!
Ooey!  Ooey!
Ooey!  Ooey!  Ooey!
Really have
to finish that
online course
Before I try
that again.
Helga:  Kneel before helga!